Hi, and welcome to our demo video
for real estate in Martha's vineyard.
This is the landing page for our
visualization, including information about
our project, as well as
links at the bottom.
In order to actually view our
visualization, all you need to do is go
to the top left here and click
the button that says View Visualization.
Once you click that,
you'll be presented with a map of Martha's
Vineyard that has all of these pins,
which each represent a different
property on Martha's vineyard.
So if you're interested in a property,
all you need to do is click the pin
representing that property.
And on the right hand side,
you will immediately be presented
with all this data about the property.
So you can see what it looks like,
you can see a radius score of how this
property scores on different metrics,
the address,
and for all of the numerical attributes we
have listed on this radius score,
we have additional visualizations.
So, we can see here with price,
we have a price gauge and we can see where
this property sits with regards to all
of the other properties
we have in this data set.
This property is about $1.2 million,
which is on the lower end of properties
in terms of price that we have here.
We also have all of these bubble charts
that show all the different
towns of Martha's vineyard.
You can see here where the property
you're looking at sits.
Find this red dot over here.
You can see where the property that you're
looking at sits with regards to
the town that it sits in, as well as all
the other towns in Martha's vineyard.
We have this for price, bedrooms,
bathrooms, square footage, lot size,
and at the bottom,
we have information about the real estate
agent or the listing agent that is
in charge of working with this property.
So if you're a potential buyer,
you're interested in continuously pursuing
this property as a possible purchase,
this is who you would contact,
and this would be the point at which
the visualization has done its job.
Thank you very much.